 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 markup that is used to help humans understand the meaning of the code

 2. What is HTML used for? 
    Create web pages

 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    HTML attributes provide additional information about HTML elements.

 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is for the main title of the page, it should be used only once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
    <body>

    7. What is an id? 
    The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one


    10. What is a class? 
    he HTML class attribute is used to specify a class for an HTML element.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use target:_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    So google can identify what the images on your page are 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use # nameofID

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Both define a section of code but the div also is a container for elements
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style the page and control how elements are displayed
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is used to point to a specific declaration in a style sheet, the id attribute must be unique, something like h1.
    A class identifies a group of elements. Multiple elements can share the same class name. Ex. class="body"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector lets you select a group of elements in a category. This lets you asign things like color to everything at once

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar href{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector defines a special state of an element such as mousing over
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase
    text-transform: lowercase
    text-transform: capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    <div border: 1px dotted black>
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    <body> 
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm , they don't confirm before it is removed

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To backup changes and to see what has changed

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Anytime you make and important changes
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -Create your own repo through forking
    -Clone the repo
    -Change into the directory
    -create a new branch
    - do your work
    - add the changes
    -commit changes
    -push it up to github
    -submit pull request


    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

